Changed Flow to Power Automate (#50061)
Azure/azure-content: articles/azure-functions/functions-compare-logic-apps-ms-flow-webjobs.md

If you're looking for a more general comparison between Azure Functions and other Azure compute options, see [Criteria for choosing an Azure compute service](/azure/architecture/guide/technology-choices/compute-comparison) and [Choosing an Azure compute option for microservices](/azure/architecture/microservices/design/compute-options).

## Compare Microsoft Power Automate and Azure Logic Apps

> Microsoft Flow and Logic Apps are both *designer-first* integration services that can create workflows. Both services integrate with various SaaS and enterprise applications. 

Reviewer: I guess we also need to fix this one?
```suggestion
Microsoft Power Automate and Logic Apps are both *designer-first* integration services that can create workflows. Both services integrate with various SaaS and enterprise applications. 
```
